Some information about the game:

Coordinates:

Game Logic coordinates are in Square units. The center of each square is an integer.
Display Logic coordinates are in pixels. When converted to Square units, the edges of squares are integers.
Coordinates must be adjusted by 0.5 to convert between game logic and display logic


Lifecycle of Casting a Spell:

1. Select the spell in the control panel and click cast
2. Optionally select a number card and click the number button
3. If the spell requires a target, click the target on the board form
4. The board form determines what was clicked and checks line of sight
4b. The board form runs ValidateTarget()
5. If the target is in a square, open the target chooser window
6. Select the target in one of the windows, then click the corresponding cast button
7. The control panel runs TargetValidated()
8. The casting wizard runs CastSpell()


Flow Control System: Event dispatcher

The simplest flow control system is to notify all interested classes of the impending event using the event dispatcher. 
However, this is only sufficient to change the event, not to prevent it completely.

Another system is to use IssueUltimatum(), which notifies listeners and halts execution until the Proceed state
is reached. I have no idea how that would happen since the thread is sleeping. Also, by surrounding a block of code and
using this function, it is possible to skip the step entirely. This function is for attempts only, meaning that it asks
permission to carry out some code. The priority field sorts out which disputes between listeners. If the code is
executed, eventDispatcher.notify() should be called with the IsAttempt property set to false, to let all listeners know
that the event did end up taking place (possibly over the objections of some listeners).


Effect Grouping

In order to make sure Effects coordinate properly, I added the Ran() function to Target. After an effect does its job,
it reports to its source with the result. This allows the source to add new effects based on the success of the first
effect.